I won't tell you.
And so forth.
Do you want to see your dad?
What do you mean?
I mean, do you want to meet your dad?
If you want to meet me, I'll take you there
Are you crazy?
My dad is dead, you take me to see him
You won't fail to impersonate the Dragon Emperor
Let me silence you
Where do you want to go?
Your dad didn't die at all
My dad didn't die
What nonsense are you talking about?
Let's go and show you
What are you up to?
I know you like me
Take you to see your dad?
But you pretended to be a farm house letter.
I have lost my trust in you
Let's go, where are you?
You'll know if I'm real or fake
Are you going out like this?
Mr. Ye
I really didn't expect Xiaolong to be the famous Dragon Emperor
I didn't say anything.
Otherwise, Lord Dragon Emperor's guidance will blame me
After all, people like him
Received too much light and glory
So far, I just want to be ordinary and low-key